I think incredibly cool it is exactly
we'll put the right words on ourselves
every case
we from the first minute the better
in my opinion
We are being pressured for opportunities
then work out
unhappy gate
yes but I think we are full of
half time then again very well
have come out further pressure
and then, in my opinion, too
deservedly won
through the standard situations we are
get a backseat what you like
of course played a bit of cards
but it was only then had it been
nothing wrong with not bad of us in
offensive always a bit pressure too
do
in the end yes by super super goals
from us we come to the
winner's street is just super g
super great g we won so
I said before the game for
me all say yes because of how for
I'm so normal with a game
a good atmosphere sold out
Stadion
but I think that means for us
fans and german people i am thinking
I am overjoyed
for the fans for the whole club want
I know more than two now
years ago the via stood still
not lost and I know that one
great meaning for the fans and for the
So, today, I 'm easy
overjoyed to have won
I am happy for the whole team for
the whole club i think the week
over was not easy with all
events and yes I'm glad that
we could enter the three points
and again as derby winner of the place
went
Of course we try if you three
do everything
Of course, that's not always easy
always on the bank to start
but if it works and if I am
always come to make shooting
not i believe
even if I'm all so straight man
maybe not quite on top track shows
the team is that they are
Our outflows are getting better and better
and that we gain momentum and how
said to the family but was important
we always possible to play
Take hearty points with you today
believed won again for derby
I play the boys again in the
hearts of the fans and that's the first time that
decisive in almost ashes scenery here
that's for every football player and
Of course, also of us trainer
biggest we already have the beer
cold had already celebrated
The game was over anyway no
of course that's what a player needs
for no guest here in the stadium
beautiful
we have to be clear about it
distance and must be seen athletic
you are always on the highest
go to the right point
and of course we have to be in the
cabin to handle that we have in the
have sat once again forces
fueled what we have now in the last 25
30 minutes have we have
we want to keep this 31 we are
do not want to concede because then
computer may fall again
back in the end have nothing more
admitted and that speaks for the
situation that we really are
sworn three points today
We have to go week by week no matter if
sit diabetes or something we have to
Retrieve our performance and we have
the quality as i mean friedman
I think so synonymous if the team
all works every game is also
otherwise we had seen it Mainz
always have to react and that still
then we will always get it
elena fischer wants to be at the top
is going on so had to quickly in
the cabin